Title:
Industrial-strength Open Source archetecture for robotic systems.

Abstract:
Our robot overlords are getting closer to reality every day. Between now and the time when they take over our planet, 
they will be more and more involved in our daily lives. However, the process of designing and building these robots 
isn’t as simple as most would hope. Most new robotic projects often start from scratch. Developers have to 
re-implement the architecture  and infrastructure that all of those algorithms are built upon. In other words, 
they have to “re-invent the wheel” almost every time. Despite its name, Robot Operating System (ROS) is not actually 
an operating system. The Open Source system runs on top of both Linux and Windows! ROS is a set of tools for creating, 
configuring, building, debugging and managing robotic systems. We will go over how to get started, demonstrate the 
features, provide you with all of my samples, and where this is headed in the future.

Possible Titles:
Start programming your robots like the big folks do!!!
Don't start your robot from scratch there is already a well built open source solution!
What is the Robot Operating System (ROS), and how does it work?
Make your robotic dreams a reality
Robotics Operating System Brings Open Source Approach to Robotics Development
Bring open source to a robot near you
Use open source to build a better robot!
Use open source in your next robotic project!
Open source is the way to go on your next robot!
Do robots dream in Open Source!
Teach your robot to dream in Open Source!
Give your robot an open source nervous system with ROS!
Open the pod bay doors, ROS
Stop building line-followers and build a real Robot!
Build robots faster!
Line-followers are for chumps! Find out how to build a real robot!
Intro in to building better, smarter, more engaged robotic systems.
High speed messages busses are not a myth!
Robitics are in the future, here is you can participate.
Industrial-strength Open Source archetecture for robotic systems.


Abstract possible content:
Our robot overlords are getting closer to reality everyday. Between now and the time where they take over our planet, 
they will be more and more involved in our daily lives. However, the process of designing and building these robots 
isn’t as simple as most would hope. Most new robitc projects often start from scratch. The developers have to 
re-implement the archetecture and infraostructure that all of those algorithms are built upon. In other words 
they have to “re-invent the wheel” almost every time. Despite its name, Robot Operating System (ROS) is not actually 
an operating system. The open source system runs on top of both Linux and Windows! ROS is a set of tools for creating, 
configuring, building, debugging and managing robotic systems. We will go over how to get started, demonstrate the 
features, provide you with all of my samples, and where this is headed in the future.

From the article:

What is the Robot Operating System (ROS), and how does it work?

Despite its name, ROS is not actually an operating system. It runs atop a wide variety of operating systems, usually Linux.

The best way to describe ROS to a new technical audience is to say that ROS is to robotics as Ruby on Rails or Node is to web development. This is to say ROS is a set of tools for creating, configuring, building, debugging and managing complex robotic systems. At its core, ROS is a publish/subscribe system that can be used to share data and signals between small computer programs that make up a larger robotic system. For example, if you have a camera, and you want to hook it up to a large industrial arm, ROS allows you to connect to these components, send and receive data to or from them, and write code to glue behaviors together.


From tiny toys on supermarket shelves to building-sized material haulers, today’s robots come in all shapes and sizes. And thanks to a range of advancements in their components and technologies, they are also becoming more capable and cost effective.

Robots may be the ultimate intelligent edge device. A robot needs to observe the world using many sensors, and reason about what it has observed in order to develop a plan of action. It then needs to perform those actions quickly and safely, often with limited internet connectivity.

One of the most popular frameworks for building that complex functionality is the Robot Operating System (ROS) maintained by Open Robotics, a mature, open source robotics framework used worldwide for commercial and research applications. ROS’ interoperability, body of samples, and community make it valuable for building an automated solution.
